---
permalink: /about/
layout: single
title: "About"
excerpt: "About the lab, the University of Michigan and Ann Arbor."
michigan_gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/michigan-med-center.jpg
    image_path: /assets/images/michigan-med-center.jpg
    alt: "Medical Center"
  - url: /assets/images/umich-diag.jpg
    image_path: /assets/images/umich-diag.jpg
    alt: "The Diag"
  - url: /assets/images/michigan-stadium.jpg
    image_path: /assets/images/michigan-stadium.jpg
    alt: "Michigan Stadium"
last_modified_at: 2018-05-04 10:00:00
author_profile: true
toc: true
---

## Overview

Nesvizhskii lab is affiliated with several academic programs at the University
of Michigan, including Bioinformatics and Molecular and Cellular Pathology. In
the past, we also had graduate students from the Department of Biostatistics.
Our group includes recent Ph.D. graduates in Computer Science, Bioinformatics,
and Biostatistics. In short, we are a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary
group that would be a good fit for students and post-docs with good
computational skills looking to apply them to cutting edge research in
proteomics, systems biology, and related areas.

{% include gallery id="michigan_gallery" caption="University of michigan campus in Ann Arbor." %}

## Graduate Students

Students can join the lab through the graduate program in Bioinformatics or
Molecular and Cellular Pathology. The admission to both programs is coordinated
through the University's Program in Biomedical Sciences (PIBS), which
encompasses programs in a variety of biological disciplines. Students interested
in the Bioinformatics program can apply directly or can apply to it through
PIBS. In both programs students have the opportunity to do research rotations in
the lab before selecting it as their dissertation laboratory.

We have rotation opportunities for Ph.D. students interested in proteomics and
systems biology. For more information, click here (Bioinformatics) or here
(PIBS).

Students who are US citizens or permanent residents and have interest in
proteome informatics and applications in cancer research can also apply to the
newly established Proteome Informatics of Cancer Training Program. More info and
how to apply is here.

## Postdoctoral Fellows

We are always looking for highly motivated, well qualified post-doctoral fellows
with strong computational/statistical background. Please contact the Principal
Investigator to inquire about possible positions.

## Collaborative Nature of our Research

Our group actively collaborates with other experimental and computational groups
at the University of Michigan. These include researchers in the Department of
Pathology utilizing proteomics (Kojo Elenitoba-Johnson, Megan Lim, and others),
Michigan Center for Translational Pathology headed by Arul Chinnaiyan, The
National Center for Integrative Biomedical Informatics (NCIBI) (Gil Omenn, Brian
Athey), proteomics/systems biology groups in other Departments (Phil Andrews
lab, David Lubman lab, Anuj Kumar lab, and others). We also actively collaborate
with experimental group around the world, including Anne-Claude Gingras and
other labs at the Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute in Toronto, Canada; Mike
Tyers lab in Toronto and Edinburgh (Scotland); proteomics groups (Rob Moritz,
Jeff Ranish, John Aitchison) at the Institute for Systems Biology in Seattle,
and the Institute of Molecular Systems Biology at ETH Zurich, Switzerland (Ruedi
Aebersold, Matthias Gstaiger), Ileana Cristea's lab at Princeton. Thus,
interested students/post-docs would have an opportunity to participate in the
collaborative projects allowing more in-depth participation in the experimental
work (including a possibility of joint mentorship with other faculty at the
University of Michigan).

## About the University of Michigan and Ann Arbor

The University of Michigan Medical School consistently ranks in the top of all
medical schools in the country. It also ranks near the top among all medical
schools in terms of National Institutes of Health research awards.

Ann Arbor, Michigan is a very diverse and multi-cultural city. Cultural
opportunities range from quaint galleries to renowned museums, from performances
by the top-ranked University of Michigan School of Music, Theater, and Dance to
professional symphonies, orchestra, and dance troupes regularly visiting Ann
Arbor as a part of the UMS series. Ann Arbor offers diverse dining experiences
including a number of great Indian, Chinese, Korean and other ethnic
restaurants. It is located within an hours drive of Detroit and four and half
hours drive from Chicago and Toronto.
